Add Google Analytics site tag (#75)
datajoint/datajoint-elements: README.md

- [DataJoint CodeBook](https://codebook.datajoint.io) - interactive online tutorials

## Feedback

> DataJoint and DataJoint Elements are supported by a NIH grant for disseminating open-source software for neuroscience research.  Your feedback is essential for continued funding.  Your feedback also helps shape the technology development roadmap for the DataJoint ecosystem.  Please tell us about your projects by filling out the [DataJoint Census](https://community.datajoint.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataJoint and DataJoint Elements are supported by NIH grant 5U24NS116470-03 for disseminating open-source software for neuroscience research.  Your feedback is essential for continued funding.  Your feedback also helps shape the technology development roadmap for the DataJoint ecosystem.  Please tell us about your projects by filling out the [DataJoint Census](https://community.datajoint.io).
```
